all the islands as a matter of fact the
surf make it up to 15 feet or more in
some cases let's check out the Hawaiian
island chain right here and again it was
the island of Kauai that definitely took
a direct hit from Nikki last night
here's Kauai here's Oahu with honolulu
honolulu was just basically on the
fringes of the hurricane with some heavy
rains and some high surf and some
gusting winds I think Honolulu had a
wind gusts to about 55 miles per hour so
and a bit of a storm surge and with a
heavy rain some some flooding in
downtown Honolulu some power poles down
some trees knocked down perhaps but
again the the main brunt of the
destruction was over the island of Kauai
we have no no official estimates of
damage at the the information is very
very sketchy out of that region but it
is a pretty good bet that Kawhi was very
severely damaged by Hurricane Iniki the
center of the storm passed just to the
just to the west of the island of Kauai
and lihue before the report stopped had
wind gusts to about 70 to 75 miles an
hour just before the hurricane came
ashore about two hours before that so it
looks like top winds were probably in
the neighborhood of 140 miles per hour
so with gusts higher than that here's
the enhanced satellite picture of course
the red and orange indicates the
enhanced and the highest cloud tops the
most powerful part of the storm and the
I to watch where the eye goes right here
right across the western end of the
island of Kauai that's where the most
extensive damage was right there and
again now the hurricane moving off to
the north 20 to 25 miles an hour out of
the Hawaiian island most Island of
Hawaii we've seen quite a bit of a
damage and destruction here let's get
the latest information on hurricane
iniki as it continues to move to the
north it's moving at about 25 miles an
hour packing winds of 115 miles an hour
it is 180 miles north of kawaii the
coordinates you see there